Rework tag workflow (#933)
lightly-ai/lightly-studio: CHANGELOG.md

- Added thumbnail quality setting in the Settings dialog. Enable "High Quality Thumbnails" to load compressed JPEG thumbnails in grid views, reducing bandwidth for large datasets.
- Added a floating selection panel to grid pages.
- Added ability to add and create tags directly from the sample and annotation detail view.

> - Added ability to add and create tags directly from the side panel in the grid view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can add and create tags directly from the sample and annotation detail view.
- You can add and create tags directly from the side panel in the grid view.
```
or
```suggestion
- Tags can be created and assigned directly from the sample and annotation detail view.
- Tags can be created and assigned directly from the side panel in the grid view.
```
